CRETAE TABLE PERSONALDIARY(EDATE VARCHAR2(20),WEEK VARCHAR2(15),MEMORY VARCHAR2(2000));


insert into personaldiary values('27-05-2024','MONDAY','Today is a gift, a fresh canvas awaiting your unique strokes of color and light. As you wake up and step into the world, remember that every moment is an opportunity to create, connect, and cherish. Let your actions be guided by intention, your words by kindness, and your thoughts by gratitude. Take a moment to breathe deeply and center yourself. Feel the rhythm of your heartbeat and the flow of your breath, grounding you in the present.')

insert into personaldiary values('26-05-2024','SUNDAY','Each sunrise heralds a new beginning, a chance to start afresh. As the first light of dawn breaks through the darkness, it brings with it a promise of new possibilities. Today is a blank page in the story of your life. Write it with hope, courage, and determination. Let the mistakes of yesterday be lessons learned, and face today with a heart full of optimism. Every moment is a new beginning; seize it with both hands and make it count.')

insert into personaldiary values('25-05-2024','SATURDAY','Today is a day to find joy in the present moment. Set aside your worries about the future and your regrets about the past. Focus on the now, where life truly happens. Notice the beauty around you—the vibrant colors of nature, the melody of birds singing, the warmth of a smile from a stranger. These small moments are the threads that weave happiness into the fabric of your day. Embrace them, appreciate them, and let them fill your heart with joy.')

insert into personaldiary values('24-05-2024','FRIDAY','Today offers an opportunity for reflection and growth. Take some time to look inward and consider where you are on your journey. What have you accomplished? What challenges have you overcome? Celebrate your progress, no matter how small, and recognize the strength within you. Use this day to set new goals and envision the person you want to become. Growth is a continuous process, and today is a step forward on that path. Embrace it with an open mind and a willing heart.')